The Joe Rogan experience.
Now when you say dyslexic,
so if you read something,
what do you see?
I,
I really,
I say it,
but I get word blindness.
I'm word blindness.
I just see how the words,
long words,
I,
I couldn't wrap the,
my license took me a just to say let alone to spell.
Um,
I just find it,
I s I sub vocalize.
So in my head I'm going,
Oh man,
goes to Jack.
What are you doing here?
I will say though,
and you know,
when your kids,
they actually read it out loud and I'm not reading out loud,
but I'm saying it in my head.
And other people that they can do a page,
you know,
they do this speed reading and they just,
you shouldn't,
shouldn't,
and they could just take it whole pages and stunning.
I can't,
I don't understand that either.
That's,
that's tricky.
So my spelling was Kat with a k ceiling with an SBA,
logical spelling.
Um,
my writing is all over the place,
bigger letters,
smaller letters,
bigger letters.
Um,
and they tested me and they said I'm severely a tip to eight,
typically dyslexic.
So I have a huge mental map memory.
I can hold a lot of things in a memory in my head.
So that's just sort of a permanent distinction.
Like you do,
this is just who you are.
There's no way to fix that seems.
So I haven't heard of anyone coming out of dyslexia and saying,
now I can read much faster.
Now I can do things.
I just think you're stuck with that.
But it's,
it means you think sideways.
And I think a lot of creative people at this,
Lexi,
I think sideways.
Yeah.
So you see clouds,
you see a lion in the clouds,
you see puffy has a train going through the sky,
you know,
um,
it's a,
it's a creative thing.
Uh,
juxtaposing things on your wall.
You have to juxtapose thing,
which is they don't lead from one to the other.
That can be fighting right against it or completely bonkers or out of it.
I'm just looking at here in the room,
you know,
and,
and linking things together.
I think creativity,
we're trying,
I was trying to throw ourselves by in comedy by something that's weird and
opposite and funny.
Um,
Caesar,
you should,
you know,
I'm going for the salad line when I said that.
Do you ever think is solid?
And then people,
it seems to make people off again.
I,
yeah.
Caesar Salad,
Eh,
this guy was Emerton road at a million goal,
ish.
People,
you know,
and he ends up as a salad is not a cognac.
Napoleon gets a cognac or brandy,
but he's a salad.
What's that about?
So,
um,
yeah,
this is my dyslexic traits,
but I think you get dealt these cards when you're born,
whatever genetic cards they are,
and the,
the art of life is to play your cards as well as you can.
[inaudible].